OKTA-437496 - Devices developer doc enhancements (#2634)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/devices/index.md

* [Suspend Device](#suspend-device)
* [Unsuspend Device](#unsuspend-device)

> **Note:** Create a Device - The enrollment flow of the Okta Verify creates a device in the Okta Device Inventory. [Device Registration](https://help.okta.com/oie/en-us/Content/Topics/identity-engine/devices/device-registration.htm)

> ### Get a Device by ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Get Device by ID
```

<ApiOperation method="get" url="/api/v1/devices/${deviceId}" />

Fetches a Device by its `id`. If you don't know the `id`, you can [List Devices](#list-devices).

> #### Permitted OAuth2 scopes 

Reviewer: Please see style guide: https://github.com/okta/okta-developer-docs/wiki/Style-Guide#terminology
```suggestion
#### Permitted OAuth 2.0 scopes 
```

        "imei": null,
        "meid": null,
        "udid": null,
        "sid": "S-1-11-111",
        "tpmPublicKeyHash":null,
        "registered":true,
        "managed":false,
        "secureHardwarePresent":false
    },
    "_links": {
        "activate": {

>             "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/devices/guo4a5u7JHHhjXrMK0g4/lifecycle/activate",

Reviewer: We don't include `$` in the response samples. See https://github.com/okta/okta-developer-docs/wiki/Style-Guide#variables-in-examples
```suggestion
            "href": "https://{yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/devices/guo4a5u7JHHhjXrMK0g4/lifecycle/activate",
```

-H "Authorization: SSWS ${api_token}" \
"https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/devices"
```
##### Bearer token Request

```bash
curl -v -X GET \
-H "Accept: application/json" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "Authorization: Bearer ${oauth_token}" \
"https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/devices"
```

##### Response

```json
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json
Link: <https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/devices?limit=200>; rel="self"

> Link: <https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/devices?after=guo4a5u7YAHhjXrMN0g4&limit=200>; rel="next"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Link: <https://{yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/devices?after=guo4a5u7YAHhjXrMN0g4&limit=200>; rel="next"
```

        "imei": null,
        "meid": null,
        "udid": null,
        "sid": "S-1-11-111",
        "tpmPublicKeyHash":null,
        "registered":true,
        "managed":false,
        "secureHardwarePresent":false
    },
    "_links": {
        "activate": {

>             "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/devices/guo4a5u7YAHhjXrMK0g4/lifecycle/activate",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            "href": "https://{yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/devices/guo4a5u7YAHhjXrMK0g4/lifecycle/activate",
```

            "hints": {
                "allow": [
                    "POST"
                ]
            }
        },
        "self": {

>             "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/devices/guo4a5u7YAHhjXrMK0g4",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            "href": "https://{yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/devices/guo4a5u7YAHhjXrMK0g4",
```

            }
        },
        "users": {

>             "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/devices/guo4a5u7YAHhjXrMK0g4/users",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            "href": "https://{yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/devices/guo4a5u7YAHhjXrMK0g4/users",
```

        "imei": null,
        "meid": null,
        "udid": null,
        "sid": "S-1-22-2222",
        "tpmPublicKeyHash":null,
        "registered":true,
        "managed":false,
        "secureHardwarePresent":false
    },
    "_links": {
        "activate": {
            "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/devices/guo4a5u7YAHhjXrMN0g4/lifecycle/activate",
            "hints": {
                "allow": [
                    "POST"
                ]
            }
        },
        "self": {

>             "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/devices/guo4a5u7YAHhjXrMN0g4",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            "href": "https://{yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/devices/guo4a5u7YAHhjXrMN0g4",
```

Activated devices can be used to create and delete Device User links.

> #### Permitted OAuth2 scopes 

Reviewer: See previous note.
```suggestion
#### Permitted OAuth 2.0 scopes 
```

Sets a Device's `status` to `DEACTIVATED`. Deactivation causes a Device to lose all Device User links. A Device should be in `DEACTIVATED` status before it can be [deleted](#delete-device).

> **Important**: 

> > 1. Deactivating a Device is a **destructive** operation with respect to device factors, client certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 1. Deactivating a Device is a **destructive** operation for device factors and client certificates.
```

This operation can only be performed on a Device that is in `SUSPENDED` status.

> #### Permitted OAuth2 scopes 

Reviewer: This is in our devdocs style guide as OAuth 2.0
```suggestion
#### Permitted OAuth 2.0 scopes 
```

The following diagram shows the state object for a Device:
![Device lifecycle flow](/img/okta-device-status.png "Device lifecycle flow")

> **Note:**
> 1. Okta Verify enrollment results in a device being created in device inventory. The newly created device is in `ACTIVE` status. 

> > 2. Device deactivation renders associated assets such as device factors and management certificates—non-usable. Device re-enrollment/add account flow via Okta Verify would allow end users to setup new factors (signin methods) on the device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 2. Device deactivation renders associated assets&mdash;such as device factors and management certificates&mdash;unusable. The Device re-enrollment/add account flow via Okta Verify allows end users to setup new factors (sign-in methods) on the device.
```

> > 3. Deletion of the device after deactivation, deletes the device record from Okta. Re-enrollment of Okta Verify would create a new device record.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 3. Deletion of the device after deactivation also deletes the device record from Okta. Re-enrollment of Okta Verify creates a new device record.
```
